[all hosts] (Manifest) Adding sections to manifest example (#4298)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/xml-manifest-overview.md

      <Host xsi:type="Document">
        <!-- Form factor. DesktopFormFactor is supported. Other form factors are available depending on the host and feature. -->
        <DesktopFormFactor>
          <!-- This code enables a customizable message to be displayed when the add-in is loaded successfully upon individual install. -->
          <GetStarted>

>               <!-- Title of the Getting Started call-out. The resid attribute points to a ShortString resource. -->
>               <Title resid="Contoso.GetStarted.Title"/>
>               <!-- Description of the Getting Started call-out. resid points to a LongString resource. -->

Reviewer: Looks like this should be `callout` per the [style guide](https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2700&topicid=33429)

```suggestion
              <!-- Title of the Getting Started callout. The resid attribute points to a ShortString resource. -->
              <Title resid="Contoso.GetStarted.Title"/>
              <!-- Description of the Getting Started callout. resid points to a LongString resource. -->
```
